Also support fcitx5-remote to toggle IME state (#27)
lilydjwg/fcitx.vim: README.md

D-Bus only works with the same user so this won't work with `sudo vim`. See the `fcitx5-server` branch for an experimental implementation that supports `sudo vim`.

By default, it use python3 and D-Bus to toggle IME state.
If you set `g:fcitx5_remote` to the executable path of `fcitx5-remote` **BEFORE** loading the plugin, it will use `fcitx5-remote` instead of python and D-Bus. In this case, python3 support is optional.

> Usually `fcitx5-remote` mode is way faster since python script need 400ms+ for the initial load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually `fcitx5-remote` mode is way faster since Python script need quite some time for the initial load if you don't use any other plugins that load Python.
```

The loading time is largely affected by disk speed, I/O cache and installed Python libraries.

Author: > ... if you don't use any other plugins that load Python.

Does other plugins (assume to be vim plugins) matter?
I tried `python3 -c 'import dbus'` and it already takes about 170ms (when files are already cached), comparing to `python3 -c ''`'s 80ms. I think the cost is mostly on `import`s rather than python3 startup time.

Reviewer: 42ms vs 30ms here.

Python's import machinery is complicated and your distribution may have code hooking inside it, or you just have too many directories in `sys.path`. You may also check if cached pyc is correctly used.

Vim only needs to initialize Python once, so if you have multiple Python plugins, you already pay the time.
